`Version 0.5.0 - Unreleased <https://pypi.org/project/creme/0.5.0/>`_
=====================================================================

See progress `here <https://github.com/creme-ml/creme/milestone/1>`_.

:mod:`compat`

- Added `compat.PyTorch2CremeRegressor`.
- The ``SKL2Creme`` classes in ``compat`` now require ``n_features`` and a ``batch_size`` parameters for preemptive memory allocation (which allows doing mini-batching).

:mod:`feature_selection`

- Added `feature_selection.PoissonInclusion`.
- Removed ``feature_selection.RandomDiscarder`` as it didn't make much sense.

:mod:`feature_extraction`

- Renamed ``feature_extraction.CountVectorizer`` to `feature_extraction.BagOfWords`.
- Renamed ``feature_extraction.TFIDFVectorizer`` to `feature_extraction.TFIDF`.

:mod:`datasets`

- The `datasets` module has been overhauled. Each dataset is now a class (e.g. ``fetch_electricity`` has become `datasets.Elec2`).
- Added `datasets.TrumpApproval`.
- Added `datasets.MaliciousURL`.
- Added `datasets.gen.SEA`.
- Added `datasets.Higgs`.
- Added `datasets.MovieLens100K`.

:mod:`imblearn`

- Added `imblearn.RandomUnderSampler`.
- Added `imblearn.RandomOverSampler`.
- Added `imblearn.RandomSampler`.

:mod:`impute`

- Added `impute.PreviousImputer`.

:mod:`linear_model`

- Added `linear_model.PoissonRegression`.
- Added `linear_model.FFMClassifier`.
- Added `linear_model.FFMRegressor`.
- Added `linear_model.HOFMClassifier`.
- Added `linear_model.HOFMRegressor`.
- Refactored `linear_model.FMClassifier`.
- Refactored `linear_model.FMRegressor`.

:mod:`metrics`

- Added `metrics.ClassificationReport`.
- Added `metrics.TimeRolling`.
- The implementation of `metrics.ROCAUC` was incorrect. Using the trapezoidal rule instead of Simpson's rule seems to be more robust.
- ``metrics.PerClass`` has been removed; it is recommended that you use `metrics.ClassificationReport` instead as it gives a better overview.

:mod:`meta`

- Moved `meta.TransformedTargetRegressor` and `meta.BoxCoxRegressor` to this module (they were previously in the ``compose`` module).
- Added `meta.PredClipper`

:mod:`model_selection`

- Added `model_selection.expand_param_grid` to generate a list of models from a grid of parameters.
- Added the `model_selection.successive_halving` method for selecting hyperparameters.
- The ``online_score`` and ``online_qa_score`` methods have been merged into a single method named `model_selection.progressive_val_score`.

:mod:`preprocessing`

- Added `preprocessing.RBFSampler`..
- Added `preprocessing.MaxAbsScaler`.
- Added `preprocessing.RobustScaler`.
- Added ``with_mean`` and ``with_std`` parameters to `preprocessing.StandardScaler`.

:mod:`optim`

- Added `optim.losses.BinaryFocalLoss`.
- Added the `optim.AMSGrad` optimizer.
- Added `optim.losses.Poisson`.
- Fixed a performance bug in `optim.NesterovMomentum`.

:mod:`reco`

- Added `reco.FunkMF`.
- Renamed ``reco.SVD`` to `reco.BiasedMF`.
- Renamed ``reco.SGDBaseline`` to `reco.Baseline`.
- Models now expect a ``dict`` input with ``user`` and ``item`` fields.

:mod:`stats`

- Added `stats.AbsMax`.
- Added `stats.RollingAbsMax`.
