`Version 0.4.1 - 2019-10-23 <https://pypi.org/project/creme/0.4.1/>`_
=====================================================================

:mod:`base`

- Tests are now much more extensive, thanks mostly to the newly added estimator tags.

:mod:`compose`

- Added `compose.Renamer`.

:mod:`datasets`

- Added ``fetch_kdd99_http``.
- Added ``fetch_sms``.
- Added ``fetch_trec07p``.

:mod:`ensemble`

- Removed ``ensemble.HedgeBinaryClassifier`` because it's performance was subpar.
- Removed ``ensemble.GroupRegressor``, as this should be a special case of ``ensemble.StackingRegressor``.

:mod:`feature_extraction`

- Fixed a bug where ``feature_extraction.CountVectorizer`` and ``feature_extraction.TFIDFVectorizer`` couldn't be pickled.

:mod:`linear_model`

- `linear_model.LogisticRegression` and `linear_model.LinearRegression` now have an ``intercept_lr`` parameter.

:mod:`metrics`

- Metrics can now be composed using the ``+`` operator, which is useful for evaluating multiple metrics at the same time.
- Added `metrics.Rolling`, which eliminates the need for a specific rolling implementation for each metric.
- Each metric can now be passed a ``sample_weight`` argument.
- Added `metrics.WeightedF1`.
- Added `metrics.WeightedFBeta`.
- Added `metrics.WeightedPrecision`.
- Added `metrics.WeightedRecall`.

:mod:`neighbors`

- Added `neighbors.KNeighborsRegressor`.
- Added `neighbors.KNeighborsClassifier`.

:mod:`optim`

- Added `optim.AdaMax`.
- The ``optim`` module has been reorganized into submodules; namely ``optim.schedulers``, ``optim.initializers``, and ``optim.losses``. The top-level now only contains optimizers. Some classes have been renamed accordingly. See the documentation for details.
- Renamed ``optim.VanillaSGD`` to `optim.SGD`.

:mod:`stats`

- Added `stats.IQR`.
- Added `stats.RollingIQR`.
- Cythonized `stats.Mean` and `stats.Var`.

:mod:`stream`

- Added `stream.shuffle`.
- `stream.iter_csv` now has ``fraction`` and ``seed`` parameters to sample rows, deterministically or not.
- Renamed ``stream.iter_numpy`` to `stream.iter_array`.
- `stream.iter_csv` can now read from gzipped files.

:mod:`time_series`

- `time_series.Detrender` now has a ``window_size`` parameter for detrending with a rolling mean.

:mod:`tree`

- Added `tree.RandomForestClassifier`.

:mod:`utils`

- Fixed a bug where ``utils.dot`` could take longer than necessary.
