# 0.19.0 - 2023-08-02

Calling `learn_one` in a pipeline will now update each part of the pipeline in turn. Before the unsupervised parts of the pipeline were updated during `predict_one`. This is more intuitive for new users. The old behavior, which yields better results, can be restored by calling `learn_one` with the new `compose.learn_during_predict` context manager.

## bandit

- Added a `bandit.datasets` submodule, which is meant to contain contextual bandit datasets.
- Added `bandit.base.ContextualPolicy`.
- Added `bandit.datasets.NewsDataset`.
- Added `bandit.LinUCBDisjoint`, which is River's first contextual bandit policy.
- Added `bandit.RandomPolicy`.

## compose

- Removed the `compose.warm_up_mode` context manager.
- Removed the `compose.pure_inference_mode` context manager.
- The last step of a pipeline will be correctly updated if it is unsupervised, which wasn't the case before.
- Fixed an edge-case where `compose.TransformerProduct` would not work when chained more than twice.

## drift

- Added a `datasets` submodule, which contains datasets that are useful for concept drift experiments.
- Fix bugs in `drift.binary.HDDM_A` and `drift.binary.HDDM_W`.

## linear_model

- Added a `predict_many` method to `linear_model.BayesianLinearRegression`.
- Added a `smoothing` parameter to `linear_model.BayesianLinearRegression`, which allows it to cope with concept drift.

## forest

- Fixed issue with `forest.ARFClassifier` which couldn't be passed a `CrossEntropy` metric.
- Fixed a bug in `forest.AMFClassifier` which slightly improves predictive accurary.
- Added `forest.AMFRegressor`.

## multioutput

- Added `metrics.multioutput.SampleAverage`, which is equivalent to using `average='samples'` in scikit-learn.

## preprocessing

- Added `preprocessing.OrdinalEncoder`, to map string features to integers.
- The `transform_many` method of `preprocessing.StandardScaler` now uses the dtype of the input for the output.

## proba

- Added `proba.MultivariateGaussian`.

## stream

- `stream.iter_arff` now supports sparse data.
- `stream.iter_arff` now supports multi-output targets.
- `stream.iter_arff` now supports missing values indicated with question marks.

## utils

- Added `utils.random.exponential` to retrieve random samples following an exponential distribution.
